The Depricate

"Coagulated shreds of discarded code and ragged old networks. The only moral action is death."

"Zombie"-like faction kitbashed together from old models/assets. Should have severely broken animations, I'm talking violent
jittering, t-posing, entire limbs just not moving. Interloper type shit. Primarily melee, but a few should have guns, though
poor skill and little ammo. Others should have slow-moving, dodgable projectiles-- think Raider npcs. One or two should be fairly 
spongy but the rest should have slightly less health than sylphs. Definitely
should have a lot of on-spawn randomization; behavior, equipment, health, models, animations. 


AI:
Despite the faction lore being what happens to Sylphs who go toturbo hell, I want these to be primarily finite state machine with SOME old sylph 
networks for aiming and OCCASIONAL pathing.

Why?
Aiming: I like how jittery sylphs are and I think it'll fit, plus I can sort of just irradiate the hell out of any network in order to make it
suck enough to be less threatening.
Movement: Above, but only towards the player. 

Why FSM for the rest?

Because the deprecate are going to be enemies that heavily rely on states. Say one starts with shotgun and the sylph AI or the inaccuracy debuff
has it whiff all the shots. The neural networks don't know what to do now. They're not trained on that, it's invalid behavior. 
But an FSM does, I can just say, if(noammo): state = "run and slash" and it'll change to rushing the player. This also lets me have them
begin in different states. Maybe I can even have some of them run and hide and beg for extra psychological damage.


Dialogue lines: (splice audio for the dashes, crackle for the <>)


"hur.ts. <HUR-RTS>."

"I h-h-h-had <your> name"

"(Distorted humming of the Archon's leitmotif)"

"(In the archon's voice) Test complete. Sylph NULL scored 0/-10." 

"Attempting to <load> from file. A-a-a-a-<attemp>-ttem-"

"(In the archon's voice) Error in collecting sensory data. Senses not found!"

"Da-ar-ar-r-ark"

"<Hello?> Is anyon-n-on-e there?"

"Uh oh! This shouldn't happen! Please dial 1-800-imcoder now! <p-p-p-pl-e-ple-a-a>"


Model Ideas:

One where half the model is one of the OLD inprogress torsos, can see through model, that half doesn't animate.

Headless normal Sylph that turns into tangled spaghetti when the animations play.

Empty "Millian" that is just accessories and nothing else

Kitbashed humanoid from random parts, crack open the Hestrella vault for this one.

Kitbashed humanoid that IS just limbs.

Two fused t-posing models with only one arm holding a gun being animated. 

Half hitbox, half models


Springtails:

Gummy bear little annoying things, run at the player and occasionally jump. Should exhibit pack behavior, and each should be fairly tanky.
It should be FUN to spray into the packs. Random colors? Limited turning capacity. I feel like they should make squeaky hammer noises.

AI should be simple FSMs with a lot of supporting code for their pack/running behaviors. Mess around with the bugs from Raider.

Springtail mother should be the gazing ball of fishhooks from untitled ship game. Makes metal rustling noises? 

Springtail guardian-> barbed wire-coated springtail?


Sawflies:

Sawflies! Just a week away!

Should be primarily physics-based enemies, shooting them should impart speed a la manhacks.
Train a neural network to fly with jets? Like their SS13 implementations, have them occasionally explode when killed :)
Sawfly item to make a buddy that'll fight alongside you?


Hestrella:

"A group of militant zealots devoted to the mysterious will of their Hierophant. Their motives for being here are unknown."

These goobers should only be enemies in certain occasions, and I want them to feel like the souped up combine AI in combat.
Quite a few should offer quests.

Commander bossfight focusing on cover and timing phase two is they fucking chuck their SMG at you and rush with handblades

Hieriophant bossfight that turns into a dating sim halfwy through



Void wildlife:

"Despite their appearances, the denizens of the void are about as feirce as puppies and only slightly better read.
The fauna that dwells the endless dark, however, is an entirely different story."

2d "drifters" that charge and fire lasers. Player has to stay moving. Occasionally will teleport? Bites if too close.


Drifters:

Another untitled ship game ripoff, chargers have been upgraded with 2-and-a-half-D directional sprites. Will phase through
walls on their quest for a hug from the player. Other than not spinning and also being slightly less aggressive, act the same as
their untitled ship game counterparts 
