Angeion paper:

*.. The gist of this story seems to be about... you)
*.. And yet, not you at all. You've never heard of any wooden barricades, you didn't wake up on a small cube, and your body has no copper scaffolding. 
*.. It's a story about a fictionalized, alternate you that doesn't exist. One that went on an adventure different to your own, by the looks of it.
*.. It's all so odd. Strangest of all, the Aspects don't directly talk to you like they do in the story, either.
(Intra para-abberance: hard) ...Did they?
Success:
INTRA PARA-ABBERANCE: Perhaps, in another time, little vessel, they just might have.
ANGEION: Who said that?
Failure:
*.. Having a bunch of voices in your head constantly giving their two cents sounds like a genuine migrane. 




NOTES ON THE DEMIURGE: PART 1:

Something that the masses oftentimes ask me about is what the demiurge, the all-encompassing thing that it is, looks like.
It is common(?) knowledge that all intelligent life is made in the demiurge's image. 
From this, we can't really gather much about what the demiurge might look like. We know that it presumably has eyes,
it has at least two legs, probably more, and some kind of arms. 
Perhaps the true nature of the Demiurge is ever-shifting, and we all appear in its image.
Perhaps the Demiurge is instead all-extant in a way orthogonal to our capacity for perception, and we are all still made in its concurrent image,
as multiple shadows might be cast upon a wall from the same object.

*.. Some notes on what the Demiurge might look like. You wonder how much or how little you look like the Demiurge.
(GODSBLOOD check): A LOT
You decide you look a LOT like the demiurge. After all, you're the Vessel, aren't you? Whatever that means.


(INTRA PARA-ABBERANCE: check) * ...You wonder if you REALLY look like the demiurge.
Success: More than one might think
Failure: With all the body plans, there's no way everyone can look like the demiurge, right?

NOTES ON THE DEMIURGE: PART 2:

The demiurge does not exist.
While the demiurge's actions are openly visable, for all intents and purpose, it cannot be interacted with,
no more than an author can converse with the characters of their novel. 
The demiurge is the dream that we all dance on the tragic stage of. 