Archon gives player a single-shot break action

Royal pain in the ass:
Prince of communication offers a springtail quest ("I fucking HATE springtails"), gives fourier-9 ("I found this floating around in the signals").
One or two easy sylphs should be guarding the springtails. 
->"A spritely young scion offered to pay me to clear out a nearby springtail nest. Seems easy enough."

Hollow and stray:
One or two depricate can be found around the springtail nest, one should drop the Relata.
-> "There were a few glitchy figures not far from the springtail nest. Were they supposed to be there?"
Archon self inserts into the world and asks the player to go get rid of a few extra. Is weird about it.
-> "The archon's directly tasking me with getting rid of some old code fragments that wormed their way into the Sylphstream.
Something's off about the whole thing, but it's a job."
At the end, two corpus soldiers join fight. Will turn hostile if player engages but otherwise only attack depricated

Corpus Dei:
When player gets back, prince asks them to check out the corpus.
-> "The prince is asking me to check out some armored weirdos who set up shop in the town square. I think I met a few earlier."
Twelfth arbiter of the hundred and third holy regiment of the nintieth wing of the fifth expeditionary fleet of the seekers of the Corpus Dei
will say hi to player. Offers Corpus equipment at high prices. ("We have received... troubling reports about a strange recess far
from the Hieriophant's guiding light.")

Children of the abyss:
Crunko exchange, right before main depricate.
-> "I found a poorly literate... something? that seemed totally unaccustomed to navigating 3D space. Weird."
Later: Gupsnoo exchange
-> "Yet another confused figure. Where are these helpless entities coming from? Why can't they spell?"
Even later: Wrellib exchange
-> "It seems like some kind of evil scorcer is summoning void beings into 3-dimensional space for sick laughs.
The Hornsongmogomflibongle beast MUST be stopped."

Creative outsourcing:
Early sidequest. Greg wants player to get him a turretgun.

HOLY RADIANCE EXCISED:
Sidequest earned from talking to the Trustworthy Greg (gives mammon 22)
-> "Greg told me about some kind of corporate egrigore that slithered his way into the Sylphstream. I feel like I should probably do something
about it before unskippable autoplaying ads get added to the game."

A mirror to stare into:
Sidequest from talking to the chimera for sawfly blades. ("Hm, you player types like your rewards, don't you? How about some of my premium product?")

Friends forever:
Prince asks player to look into "Weird freak who keeps saying I'm their friend" (bestie). Gives Ghostbird in return.
Player goes and gets wasteflower