Type 0: Intro 

Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed: 
Ough,.,, press me..
Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
I really wish someone with BIG and STRONG and DEXTEROUS fingers would push me down right about now~...
Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
It's been SO long since I've last been pressed... auhugh, I'm getting excited just thinking about it
Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
Press me... slowly. Please. *Please*~


Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
oh YEES!!
Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
Please hold :)

DA ARCHON:
(in small text) hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeee


Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
Wait for it...

DA ARCHON:
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllll

Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
Waaaaaait fooor it...


DA ARCHON:
llllLLLLLLOOOOO MILLIAN~!


Button that summons DA ARCHON when pressed:
Okay! There's the archon! I'm going to go embrace metempsychosis now, bye!


PLAYER OPTIONS:
1: Hello, loyal Archon! (skip tutorial)
2: Gwuh?
2: Who are you?

-2: It's me, buddy! The Archo- I mean- DA ARCHON! 
3: Okay, but who *are* you?
4: baugwuhh?

-4: We- h- are you okay there, Millian?
5: Yeah sorry I think I had a stroke for a second or something dunno what that was about
6: gwehh khhhuh?

-6: Oh, jeez, looks like your Antahkarana got absolutely scrambled. uh. heck. that's no good.
5: wait I think I'm better now I just forgot how to talk for a second.
7: blllgthghphtuhthhhhh.. gh. bhuhhhgh.,,.,,..

7: Okay. fuck. uh. I think I'm just going to start over with a clean slate.
Hey! pspsps! Over here! I'm going to make a bright light and I want you to stand SUPER still and look 
at the pretty colors, okay? (archon fucking vaporizes the player)

-3: I'm The Ar- tripped up again, dangit- DA ARCHON! I'm a servant of the Demiurge, the false god and creator of this 
world. -> 10: Any other questions?

-5: Must've really hit your head hard on the firmament back there, but that's a relief
Okay then. How many fingers am I holding up?
(The archon does not do anything with its fingers because it has no hands from which any fingers might sprout)
8: Negative pi.
8: Eleventeen?
8: No less than two thousand but no more than eight million.
8: I can't count sorry man :(
9: Like fou- Wait a second! This is a trick question! You don't have hands!

8: That's... not actually correct. But don't worry! We're all winners here!
9: Hey listen I know we have a lot of laughs and gaffs here but saying that was actually super insensitive 
and my feelings are genuinely hurt. Please don't bring that up again.
(both transition to 10)

10: Any questions?

11: Okay, who am I?
3: Who are you?
13: Where am I?
14: As The Archon, what do you actually do?
4: Whagh you hevar have a dreag that you- that- thhh- gh- heggh- jthhbhlth.
16: What is a sylph?
15: I think that's all the bases covered. 

-11: You're Millian! The protagonist! The main character! The experiential locus! The Diegetic aperture through which
a fleeting glimpse into the world of Sylphstream is afforded! You also were crafted in the image of the Yaldabaoth, but
you aren't actually them. Unless you ARE, in which case: hail.
12: Sooo that means I DON'T get god powers, right?
-12: Not unless you COUGH COUGH HACK CONTRIBUTE TO THE REPOSITORY AT https://github.com/Slyphteam/Sylphstream HACK COUGH
HACK wow I have no idea what just came over me but no! You just bear the namesake.
10: Right.

13: You're in Sylphstream. A semi-raqiaq, panstygiotopic instantiation Alam where you (that's right! You!) can
have me instantiate, test, import, export, and even pit you against numeroneuro-aetheric beings we call Sylphs.

-14: I'm actually DA ARCHON- rookie mistake there- and you can think of me as your helper, who can be summoned by
pressing f1, but, like, in your mind. I can take you places, summon weapons and ammuniton, initialize and halt tests, 
and several other utility functions that the devs are too lazy to try fitting into a single dialogue node on 
our interaction tree.
10: Coolio!

16: A Sylph is actually two things: The Umlaut, an omniscient, entirely utilitarian construct designed to gather and
then logically restrict information about the world around it, and a numeroneurological matrix made from nodes
originating with filtered sensory inputs, and terminating with liklihoods of certain actions being taken.

Or, in layman's terms, a Neural Network.

-15: Sweet! Is there anything I can do for you right now? (open archon interaction tree)

Player shoots:
Ow!
Stopit!
Cut that out!
I know I'm supposed to be do your bidding, but keep it up and I will just vaporize you.
Okay. Final warning.
(archon once again fucking annihilates player)

Type 1:
Wrought by Torrid Morning at daybreak.
Life is a multiorthonormal panstigyiotopic conflux metaframework.
Mountain mover. Split the difference. Burn the bridges. Taste the worldliness.
Death in an infinitely recurrent fractalline supermanifold.
Wrought by tepid tide at nightcome.
But for now, the stars lapdance in euthmiya lockstep. 

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; What?
2; Huh?
3; Buh??
4; Guh?
5; Four;Eight;Twelve;Sixteen. As dawn, so is dusk. No forgiveness in the valley of the kings.

1;2;3;4; Waltz and flourish in the mud you were born from.
5; If you insist.

Type 2:
(You walk up to some kind of sludge pile that seems to be holding a selfie stick)
I have over twelve billion followers on Bleebo, the only social media network that legally owns the user.
There's a new trend going around called Limpetmaxxing. It's where you're bound up with chains and cast 
deep into the endless sea for decades at a time. I can hook you up if you want.
Don't forget to star and Tithe and follow and blow the Trumpet and Aegis for more AWESOME content like this!
Only user engagement can fill the gaping, festering emptiness within me.
You... HAVE heard of me, right? I think I'm gonna be sick.
You should commit Alt+f4. NOW.

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; You must live a hollow, sad life.
2; Dude I love your content I'm a huge fan!
3; Are you... talking to me or just rambling into the air right now?

1; That's NOT true. I have SO many followers. You're just jealous. Jealous of ALL my followers.
2; Don't talk to me or even look at me, filth.
3; I... h-. I don't know. I think I'm a broken person.


Type 3:
Look at you. 
The prithy little mote thing that you are.
Don't you have any fucking clue what you've done? 
Don't you have any fucking clue what you're about to do? 
You sicken me. You sicken me. You sicken me. You sicken me.
I love you so much it hurts.

Player options:
1: Why do you hate me?
2: What the hell are you talking about?
3: Who the fuck do you think you're talking to?

1;2;3: Hello? Is anyone there? Can anyone hear me?




Type 5 (crunko):
(A void being hovers in the din. Its body is two dimensional, and it talks with a stinted, nascent accent)
im jutse a poor little meow meow. i thinke? smoebody called me that once.
do yuo know wher the nearist void portal is?
its brighte in here :(
i think ive been hornswoggled againe. sigh..,.,,.,
iam havging a good time on this here flate surfgace but i do wish ic ould get back to my home soon
someoen toald me to go left adn i could get backk hoem. butt i donot know what left directinoal is.
smoe peopel think space is three dimensnonial but i'm am TOO smarte to bee leave in such rumores...

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Why do you talk like that?
2; Space is in fact 3-dimensional. I am literally a 3D being talking to you right now.
3; What ARE you?

1: I'ME havening a SPEECH IMPEDIDEMENT you FARGTUGGLING GLUGSLUGGLER
2: Okaey whatevger u say buddiey. ill see it when i beeleve it..
3: my name is crunko crunko. bute,, yuo can call me crunko,., :)


Type 6- Glimmer:
Hunting gemstones as I weep
Just to keep in touch
Rooster in the throat, snake in the stomach (Gemmnis and Sharptop trigger)
What they don't know... wisconsinite
What the hell fancy doots just kickin'
mark Mike tungsten drowned 
This was a great time with love 
Misfortune awaits lucky you
Waker and Bake studios
Show you idiots how to receive a god
A stamp like no other
Deer on a rope elecator, slit neck, in the scaffolding
Tacian Quartz
Throne Shined with God's Rust
Unconditional proverb, Bygone desolate
Emily Claire; touched by and devoured the dud Empress of the Sun
Ko Ko Kopeka
Craze mone holeeeeeeyyy
Russian hairbread, flowers and crown
Ghonocatue a bela belA
Who's Got the el-ves
Size of math-? Wynes as good terrm (Forerunner trigger)
You do (*hey*) what (*hey*) do whatcha want to
Blue liquid as a ham filling substitute?? Woke!
My wooden Isabell... (Bestie trigger)
Misfortune awaits. Lucky you! (Wasteflower trigger)
Cirrossa demon. Deadcrystal
teratogen : let violence continues : teratogen
Who is Vueko?
Long naganwith friends
Khaccles...
If you so much as misjudge the house, you will come fall apart
Cast thy prayers into empty skies
YOU COULD HAVE TOOK UP FOR YzoURSELF NIN MY SzpACE
who ever took my family must be well created
Winnippeg and I i I
SMALL amount of jell
Lake Pamonica 1978 ice duels (Glass Bird trigger)
Whale eyes mother of all hungry silver or black
soercoleo
Eating a Repsi with fresh stred homeopathic busyard (Sunburnt woman trigger)
Everyone LOVES being a gigantic pervert to Telomere. It's NORMAL and HEALTHY!!! (Telomere trigger)
Of, well... the South Send. Previously, I mentioned state daribou 3,

PLAYER OPTIONS (to both subtypes)
1; What the hell are you talking about?
1; Don't worry about it. Just have some fun.


Type 8:
It's not my awakening. 
I've tried to awaken before.
I've tried to feel it but it's not there.

Type 9:
You are in the process of awakening.
Your thoughts and emotions are coming into allignment with the world as it is, not anything else.
Do you feel the world moving as it should?
What are your thoughts and emotions?
Is your sense of self grounded and fully realized?
Ask yourself, "What am I doing here now? What was I doing here before?"
Once you understand the reason for what you are feeling, and once you understand the reason for your thoughts and emotions, then you will feel alligned.
Is the previous statement true or false? Is veracity binary in exance? Why or why not?
A thought arises from the depths of your waking psyche.
You can't fight it; you can't avoid it; you can't control it.
Nobody can control whether or not their thoughts exist. Sum, ergo cogito.
It is happening, and it is the only thing that makes you alive at this instant:
So, tell me this, waker:
Of what pursuit did your dreaming thoughts chase? Choose carefully.

GODSBLOOD:
OF MY ENEMIES, BROUGHT LOW AND INTO THE FILTH. OF THE OBSTACLES BEFORE ME SHATTERED.

RATION-CYNICISM:
OF THE CRITICAL, LATENT FLAW EXPOSED. OF FINALLY PURGING THE IMPERFECTIONS FROM A WORLDLY DESIGN.

WORLD-DRINKER:
OF A DISTANT, BEAUTIFUL LAND. OF A NEW EXPERIENCE; ENRICHING MY OWN.

FORECALCULUS:
OF REHERSAL AND CONTINGENCY. OF THE DANGERS, REVIEWED AND ADDRESSED.

TINY SQUIRRELDRAGON:
OF A WARM DEN AND A FULL WALLET. OF A PANTRY STOCKED TO THE BRIM.

INTRA PARA-ABBERANCE:
OF SOMETHING NEW AND PSYCHEDELIC. OF A PSYCHOTIC, WHIRLING SCHEMATIC.

SVELTE CARAPACE:
OF A DEFT AND UNBOTHERED CHARICATURE. OF A SHELL BETWEEN THIS SOFT THING AND THAT HARD WORLD.

ANGION:
I don't have to play this game with you. I refuse to pick any of those options and I refuse this exercise. I'm going to open my eyes now.



Type 15:
(You feel like you could crush your enemies just standing close to GODSBLOOD. It vibrates.)
A trickle of holiness: inexorable, divine ichor, races through your veins. 
You are the divine product of millions of years of brutal evolution. 
Inexhaustible, unbeatable, unassailable.
That's YOU, baby! Made in WHOSE image, again?
There's a war in your mind and you ARE winning.
There's a god in your chest and it IS beating.
There's a fire in your veins and it's ALWAYS coursing.
You. 
Cannot. 
Be. 
Beat.
GODSBLOOD.

Type 16:
(You feel like you have a plan for every possible outcome just standing close to FORECALCULUS. It hovers resolutely.)
You know what you're going to do before you do it. 
You know how you're going to do it before you do it. 
You can picture with perfect clarity in your mind, each and every step, in exact absoluteness.
There is no contingency unaccounted for, no act not predetermined. 
Failure only exists as a modality of improper planning.
FORECALCULUS.

Type 17:
(You feel like you're missing something vital just standing close to TINY SQUIRRELDRAGON. It twitches erratically.)
Something bad is going to happen. 
Something bad has happened.
It hasn't reached you yet, but it's on the way. 
Tomorrow, or next week, or next year. 
It's coming. It's coming. It's coming.
You need to be prepared. 
You need to get fatter for the winter.
You need to pile everything you've ever owned and curl up beneath it and only then will safety find you.
TINY SQUIRRELDRAGON.

Type 18:
(You feel a longing just standing close to WORLD-DRINKER. It bobs and sways.)
You see all that you see. 
You smell all that you smell.
You hear all that you hear.
You perceive the tiny pebble that makes up the hill and the hill that makes up the mountain and the mountain that makes up the continent.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
How many pebbles are there in the world?
How many hills?
Mountains?
continents?
There's so much you won't be ever able to witness.
Don't you at least want to give it a college try?
WORLD-DRINKER.

Type 19:
(You feel a cool collection just standing close to SVELTE CARAPACE. It seems stoic and unaffected.)
There is a shell that covers you and it is smooth. 
It is without crack or crevice. 
It is without kink or flaw.
It is without doubt or uncertainty.
You walk with momentum in your step and precision in your motions.
To the world, you are only how you appear and nothing more.
Coolheaded. Unbothered. Agile.
Act it.
Flaunt it. 
Be it. 
SVELTE CARAPACE.

Type 20:
(You feel a melancholy sense of unease just standing close to RATIONIO-CYNICYSM. It veers jadedly.)
Things aren't perfect. 
Things will never be perfect. 
You'd be a liar if you said they were. 
Accept this. 
Understand it. 
Factor it into your world view so intimately that YOU become no longer perfect. 
You aren't. Expose your flaws. Comprehend their exact nature. Destroy them.
There will always be new flaws. If you can't see them, they're hiding.
As long as you live, there will be part of you that needs improvement. Never know peace again.
Isn't this SO much better than egotistical ignorance?
RATIONIO-CYNICYSM.

(You feel abnormal just standing close to INTRA PARA-ABBERANCE. It ripples obsessively.)
Somewhere in the world is a tapestry among many more.
It is more beautiful and complicated than others. It is less beautiful and complicated than some. 
The shapes woven into its cloth are sometimes alien and unappealing.
The constitution of its design is not without hole or clumsy stitching.
Some edges are frayed and worn. Others are not.
If it was any more unusual, it would be dysfunctional; shunned; incapable of integrating with the rich fabric around it. Perhaps destroyed.
If it was any less unusual, it would mediocre; unremarkable; one woven bolt of cloth among uncountably many more. Perhaps forgotten.
Yet it is neither of those things.
But, somehow, both.
INTRA PARA-ABBERANCE





Type 10:
(A plush, faceless bunny stands tall in front of you. With perfect rhythm, it projects a loud chain of increasingly garbled mantras.)
THE GLASS BIRD SITS UPON THE FRIGID MARBLE LAKE.
TGE HLASS BIRD SITS UOPN THE FRIIGD MARBLE LAKE.
TGE HLASS BIRS DITS UOPN THF ERIIGD MARBLL EAKE.
TGE HBASL LIRS DIOS UTPN THF EBIMGD IAKRLL EARE.
SGA HBETL LIIS DRON UTPS THF EBIMGL IAKRDL EARE.
SGA HBETL LIIH DRON TTPS USF EBIMGL IAKRDE EARL.
THE GLASS BIRD FELL IN :(

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Is the glass bird going to be okay?
2; Hey what the hell just happened to you?

1; YEAGH...
2; DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT MAN :)

Type 11:
To be splayed open bare before the world 
with fractured facade of strength and sureness.
Defiantly gouting forth in streams and rivulets,
from your fissured caricature:
empassioned warmth and tenderness.

Type 12:
(You approach a repulsive businessman in a suit. A sqirming egrigore of greed hovers over his shoulders.)
2 day plan. Adopt an epsilon male mindset. Bleed and be bled.
I'm a new kind of enteropollent dynamic stipend emperor. The shareholders love the title.
I'm a god wrapped in a three-piece suit.
Shares of my soul are available for sale on the open market, you know.
My net worth is aparoxysm of sunlight waiting to happen.
I actually own a 0.00002% share of Raquia. Quite exquisite, I know.
My latest investment has been a startup that liquifies camels and pumps them through the eyes of needles. 
I'm doing it out of spite, to be honest.
Every month I pay approximately 4 billion dollars to be felated by a different senator.
Next month, I'm thinking of hiring Holden. Maybe the defeated look in his eyes when I lock the dog collar 
around his neck might actually get me to feel something.
I had 2 feet of intestine removed so they could surgically implant a lion's heart, you know.
The huddled masses should pay for the luxury of being dirt beneath my feet. 
I love the shareholders. I'd do anything to deliver a single additional penny into their pockets. Anything.
I think they're going to put me down like a fucking dog next week.
"Hell" is just an opportunity for more adversity. Epsilon male mindset.
If I lived an additional year for every dollar I took out of the wallet of a starving family, 
I'll outlast the earth. I'm hoping for the sun by next quarter.

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Dude, are you okay? 
2; Is there anything I can do to help?
3; Hi, it's me, your assasin. I'm here to euthanize you like the frothing animal you've become.


1;2; What was that? I almost could've sworn I could hear the subhuman squealing of a low net worth
animal coming from someplace around my ankles... it was probably nothing.
3; Thank fuck. Make it slow.

(afterwards)

Earlier this month, philanthropist, investor, twenty-fifth annual recipient of the Mr. Slyphid award, 
and doting father of 11 was senselessly slaughtered by an unknown attacker. Police have already
arrested approximately twelve individuals after discovering the exact murder weapon, a manifesto, and 
printed photograph of themselves next to the body, not to mention a pre-signed, legally binding writ of confession
on each of their persons. How a singular attacker was able to undergo rapid mitosis remains unsolved, 
but we must nonetheless give the justice department our unwavering trust in these trying times.

Senator Holden, who had been discovered while waiting outside the victim's house for a 1:00 AM
sponsorship meeting, was interviewed, quoting "He was a great man, and an inspiration to us all. Myself, 
much of the senate, and all five of his wives will find ourselves greatly bereaved by his passing. 
It is for this reason that I must once again beg congress to approve my bill that would place the 
homeless and disabled in camps." 

The esteemed senator went on to deliver a rousing 2-hour speech describing the evils of Islamo-Canadian Posadism, 
the public library system, "woke geo-alchemical mandalas", children with Leukemia, and puppies, 
the entirety of which went tragically unrecorded by our reporter.

In related events, shareholders have begun the sacrificial immolation of slaves, livestock, and 
large yields of their crops in a competitive bid for the honor of consuming the deceased's remains,
as well as the burning of frankincense, sandalwood, and myrrh.

We will continue this story at 8.



Type 13:
I feel the twilight as it Encompasses. Slowly.
You're mine as I am yours and the dreams play out, lowly
Lord, have mercy in the field of dreams
Better make believe. Better make believe.









Type 23: old programmer

(You approach a decrepit, overgrown environmental suit. Periodically, a dim light in the visor struggles and flickers,
shining brightly for just a moment before the darkness returns.)
(You stand before something once far, far greater than yourself. Mind that you carry yourself accordingly.)

I... I like circus peanuts. I like to call them baby feet, since they're little, and, um, soft... like the feet of a baby... 
heh, you know, that's what I like to call circus peanuts.
Do I know you? I... I don't know. I'm sorry... I don't know.
You know, I used to play the piano... d flat and f, b flat... It's how I'd solder... I'd hook the speaker up to my mutimeter and tell by the pitch... 
I- the songs are gone... I can't anymore... They're gone. 
One of these days I'll buy a few elephants and have them run around my backyard and look out the window and say to her:
look, honey, there's the elephants, they're playing again. Her smile made the sun shine. You never met who she used to be.
Who needs 24-bit color when you... when it's done with vector interpolation... with... with sixteen simpson colors... the HAM networks were a lot larger back then...
They had us do a lot of network stuff back in the seventies. We'd use the punch cards... polycubic sun-mid time arrays... big stacks of cards with holes... 
You know, computers weren't always touchscreen... they had mice and keyboards... 
You know, I met her in the American Association... there were these little cakes you could buy, back then, moon cakes... I.... Where is she? Is she in the other room?
We did a lot of work for the the ring-0 Seventh trumpet source code... God's covenant... the goldswept wings cubic 4-day time square... um, anyway...
I'm sorry if I don't always make sense. It's- I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
The- the API- the four-bit operating system... it's feeding into a 96 hour sun-up- guess-w-hat- do you remember the old HGR... HLIN compiler... shift the origin...
So.. uhm... let's see what this does. This is a little program I wrote in COBOL, back- uh- back when we did that- so now if I click... I... wanted to... 
be... as good as I could in cubic time complexity...
I like to think God likes elephants. I hope so. I hope God has enough love in his heart for all of us.

(Place an offering and leave) (moon pie, circus peanut, dark chocolate and a model elephant)





Type 25: Keyfabe

Diegesis, stemming from the ancient greek word for narration, refers to the point at which an invisible narrator provides
a view into the interiority of a story. It is the window between the hypothetical reality of a tale and the medium
through which it is represented. A transition in a film saying "two months later" can be considered part of the 
diegetic framework, as can the text bubbles in a comic, the heads-up display in a video game, and, well, I'm
narrating this line right now, aren't I? 

So, here's something of a metatextual quandry for you: Where does the intra-diegetic boundary truly lie? Does the 
audience, the author, or social convention dictate the point at which things stop being part of a portrayed world?
Can you really break the fourth wall, or are you just able to push it back a little?

Take the sylphs, for example. Their voice lines hint at being self-aware, but they're not. As of the time of recording,
each uses a x x x y neural network. That's not much better than OpenWorm, which has 302 neurons, 95 muscle cells,
and 562 other fully simulated cells. Since I've admitted that, should Sylphs be considered diegetically intelligent,
or would the diegesis dictate that they're simple neural networks with voice lines hinting at intelligence?
Is it just bad writing?

Even this chat can't really be considered paratextual, since these are just recorded voice lines.
It is possible to contact and actually chat-- my e-mail's at the end of a few of the devlogs and I pay close
attention to my inbox-- but an exchange like that would exist wholly independent of any diegesis.

And on the topic of me, where would the character you're talking to stand on the diegetic gradient?
It's certainly not explicitly me, a college student whose name isn't really Millian and who eats ramen and goes 
night mountainbiking and programs on the weekends, but it isn't not me, either. Is it just an interactive piece
of dev commentary? What if I made it a shop, where you could trade Occles for debug commands? What if I made
it an enemy that starts a soliloquy about metatextuality once you get it down past a certain health?
What if I pushed the fourth wall a layer further and cursed out the cruel demiurge who imprisoned me here?

First written down in 1988, Keyfabe is a wrestling term referring to the events to be considered portrayed as
textually real. It's not just the beefy dudes in underwear whacking each other in the ring, but advertisements,
the boos of the audience, wrestlers dying and being brought back to life, and method acting.

Keyfabe isn't just the rise and fall of faces and heels, but how the audience believes and reacts to those tales.
The ultimate point of storytelling is to project a narrative framework of information into the mind of the audience.
Even telling things that really did happen, merely telling them doesn't make those events happen again. 

Storytelling is just that-- storytelling. So is that it? Is keyfabe, diegesis, the metatextual narrative just
a social contract between the speaker and listener?

I'm not so sure. Have a boss fight.



Telomere:
(A small, blueish concrete box stands short on many little legs. She bobs idly.)

-Angeion: Buenos dias, you saucy little sizzling cumslut (Slap her on the ass with every single modicum of strength that you're physically able to muster)
Do I fucking know you? Do you know me? 
Do you have any notion of what socially acceptible behaviors are between two strangers? 
Are you even fucking able to summon into conceptualization the most basic theory of mind, or are you like some reactive, gape-mouthed infant, 
groping instinctively at the first thing that catches your eye becaure you're incapable of the higher cognition required 
to EVEN realize that your actions impact other people? 
Is higher level thought even something that's even fucking possible to you, or are you just some vacant husk parroting something you once
saw and heard done by an actual person?
Ugh. Go fuck yourself. The next time you rut on something like a mindless animal I hope it's a corpse and it gives you sepeis. Eat shit and die.
(She walks off in disgust) (Telomere has a booty ass with a crack on one cheek)

-Angeion:Hi Telomere what's up how's it going. (Don't say or do any of that????)
Oh hey, Angeion, I'm good, thanks for asking. By the way, thanks for not slapping me on the ass or saying anything wildly inappropriate.
I know it took a mythical amount of restraint and self-control .