	====+====> Angeion 

Not an NPC, but the player character. Made of fired clay and flesh. Probably some bronze in there. Wears burlap?
^^ super cute idea: give them a little battery backpack like the energizer bunny???
Who is Angeion? whoever they need to be to as the PC. From greek for vessel.
As far as Sylphstream has a coherent setting, Angeion is a construct with agency and self awareness. Has at least some 
kind of spiritual influence. Should resemble Millian a little, but not too much. Defo the mask at least.

THIS VESSEL LIES SUNDERED
YET THE AEONS' TUG STILL LAPS AT ITS BROKEN FORM

LET SPIN ONCE MORE THE WHEEL OF DHARMA
TAKE NOW A GENTLE REPOSE

YOU ARE A SHATTERED, TRITE, DEFEATED HEAP OF CARNAGE
WILL YOU STAY THIS WAY?

GRASP AGAIN THAT SILVER THREAD
SUBSIDE; SUCCUMB; SUBMIT

YOU ARE AN BROKEN CONTAINER; A LIFELESS AND DISFIGURED HUSK
WHAT SAY YOU IN REPLY?

SAY THAT ALIVE YOU NEVER WERE, THAT BROKEN CAN BE MENDED, THAT YOU STILL ARE AND STILL WILL BE
SAY NOTHING, SAY NOTHING, SAY NOTHING



====+====> Aeonic Glimmer
Spectre-like NPC, is the most common in rest areas. Speaks mostly gibberish, but has a chance to cause random npc triggers.

Refrain:: Echo:: Refrain:: Echo:: Refrain:: Echo:: Refrain:: Echo:: Refrain:: Echo
(A ghastly, many-faced spectre contorts and whorls before you.)
(Like crashing waves, its voice and appearance surges and fades, waning into incoherence before rebounding with sudden clarity)
(Much of what it says, if anything, is lost to the noise: truely meaningless gibberish, intangible nothing and little more)
(Though rarely, just rarely, some thread of the divine can be audible through the frenzied babble)
(Attempt to glean a higher truth from the chaos?)




	
	====+====> The Prince of Communications
		
Wide-headed despot put in "control" of the safe town. Manages the unlock system and may give starter quests. 
Capricious and devil-may-cry, kind of a brat, no real power or willingness to project it.

(Smeeked to meek you): There's this weird gerbil thing that's trying to usurp my soverignty. 
(Friends forever): See that maniac over there? Don't stare, but yeah, that one. They keep saying I'm their friend.
I want you to find someone to hang out with them to get them to shut up.

======>Small talk:
What do you think of the chimera?
Useful merchant, but could stand to be a little less vain, like me. I can't really stand its ego.

What do you think of greg?
Probably the only person who actually pays taxes in mmy domain.

What do you think of the archon?
We made out in a back alley once. Don't ask how. You don't want to know.

What's your read on pipe bomb andy?
Angeion, I'll be so honest, I don't like him. I don't like his deal. But the children of the world are counting on him, I guess, so what can I do?


	====+====> the beautiful chimera
	
A six-limbed beast who a talented alchemist. Blends the line between narcissicm and self-love. Definitely a metaphor for something.

======>Initial introduction:
(A six-limbed beast stands on an intricate dais. As you approach, it regards you with little in the way of intent.)
After many years of hard work I have transformed myself into a beautiful chimera. 
My scales are smooth and glossy; they shine under the light of the sun.
My teeth are pearlescent; their tapering points are long astutely sharp.
My stinger-tail is deft; it swishes and sways however I so wish it to.
My fur is soft and gossamer; it is without tangle or speck.
My claws are vicious and well-manicured; they click and clack whenever I walk.
I think I look quite stunning. Wouldn't you agree~?

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1: I would. You're beautiful.
2: I don't think so. But I can see why you'd hold yourself in that regard.
3: You are very beautiful. For a chimera.
4: Hmm. I don't think so.

1; (The chimera hides a flattered, toothy smile with one of its forepaws)
2;4 Hmm. To each their own, I suppose.
3; I suppose I'll pretend I didn't hear that last portion.

- Do you do anything here?

I create the medicine that goes into autoinjectors! I'm sure you've seen some color-coded syringes around; I'm the one who brews their contents.

-Were you a man or a woman before... all that?

Hmm. No.
- No?

No, my little, dear, vessel, I do not believe that I am obliged to answer that question.

- Fair 'nuff. (end)
-Oh. What would you say you are now?

A Res Bina. The product of the magnum opus.

======>Quest lines:
Any odd jobs?

(Hollistic medicine): There's a sunburnt woman around who seems to be trying to break into my market. 
			See if she's any competition, will you?

-I spoke to that woman you mentioned and she said my aura sucked and I should kill myself. 
Oh, my. I'm sure you already know this but that's never the answer to life's quarrels. Here, it's on the house. (Your aura is replenished)

(A mirror to stare into): Mmhmmm, you know what makes for a perfect makeup mirror?
			The mirror-sheen, hypercomposite blade of a sawfly. Extravagant, I know, but I'll
			make it worth your while. Your type likes your rewards, don't you? How about
			access to some of my more limited stock?


======>Relational lines:

What do you think of greg?
-She reeks and I have no idea where she gets all those firearms from. I've never seen anything enter or come out of
that cardboard box of hers but she has so many of the things. 
It violates several laws of conservation and is honestly quite distressing to think about. (unlocks greg's stupid question)
What do you think of the corpus dei?
-Mmhmmm... for a group of zealots they don't appear to be very spiritually versed. Though.. I suppose that would be par for the course, wouldn't it~?

======> Small talk:
(begin)
This might be a stupid question, but how do you make your autoinjectors?

Why that's simple! I just use psychokenises and alchemy!
0) Psychokinesis??
0; The magical power of Picking Objects Up With My Mind. 
1) Alchemy????
1: What, did you suppose I scienced them up using data and statistics in a laboratory somewhere? 
1) Yes?
2) No?
Well, I didn't/Of course not! ->
I'm quite the accomplished biothaumaturge. How else do you suppose I've attained my gorgeous figure? (end)

(begin) Can a chimera be made without heartbreak?
Of course not. My consummation was agony the whole, dear.
Then why'd you do it?
Mmhmm... is it possible to experience joy in life without first feeling pain?
1) I guess not.
2) No...
3) it definitely is trust me bro (GODSBLOOD check)
1;2: Then you, and everyone around you have already accomplished that prerequisite, haven't you?
3: Mmhmm. If you insist. (ends)
1) I guess that makes sense. (ends)
2) Checks out. Can you make me a chiemra, then?
-> You silly little vessel. Don't you know you're not an ensouled form of life?
Oh... (end dialogue)


(begin)
-What am I?
What makes you suppose that I should know anything about that, Angeion?
(If you completed both small talk) 0) Because you're a talented alchemist who was able to successfully transmute their whole body into something else?
1) I don't know. I'm sort of just grasping at straws, here.
(If pick option 4) 2) Just a hunch.
3) You're right, I'm sorry for bothering you.
4)(Closely examine the Chimera's demeanor as it speaks) (WORLD-DRINKER or RATIONO-CYNICISM check)
4; (The beast's quartet of eyes are pulled up into the tiniest smile. Its tail sways with poorly-masked excitement.) 
(It doubtlessly knows something, but some mischevious side of it wants to know why YOU know that it does first.)

1;3: Perhaps, then, it may be worth looking closely at yourself to seek answers. Or, brushing up on greek?
2; You and your hunches, mhhmmm?
0; Oh, flattery will get you EVERYWHERE with me.
Very well. Foremost: you are not alive in an organic sense, Angeion. You are a construct that was built for a purpose, not unlike a Sylph, or a machine.
You very obviously carry the alchemical symbol for clay on your chest, which you are built from. Fired clay, for that matter. Quite unconventional.
Clay humanoids are almost universally uncooked. One only fires clay if they wish to use it in crockery, or a pot, or... (The Chimera abruptly cuts itself off)
- Or what?
Or, a container. Clay is only fired if it's going to be used as a container, Αγγεῖον.
But a container for what, exactly? What a fascinating little thing you are. Please. Come. Let me break you open. I MUST know. I'll pay.
(You no longer feel safe in this conversation.)
1) I... think I'll have to pass.
2) If it gets me an answer. (Kills the player, unlocks a one-time "did you figure anything out?" "no clue at all" exchange.)

I am not a combative NPC. I don't even have a healthholder. You can shoot me all you'd like and it will simply do nothing.

	====+====> Trustworthy greg's
Crusty old divorced man who is also a woman. I like to imagine she looks like a generic ass anime girl who is also green and always wears filthy wifebeaters.

(As you walk up to the cardboard storefront, you can hear a rhaspy, somehow audibly short voice echoing from the store's back room)
Ohhhhhh no. 
Oooohhhhh shit. Shit shit shit shit shit. This is bad. 
This is as bad as the weekend I forgot to drink a bottle before showing up to coach the little league team.
Oh- (hack)- fuck- there's so many guns- things haven't been this bad since I accidentally made eye contact with my mother-in-law.
Things haven't been this fucking bad since I was sober for ten minutes
(Clattering, grunting, and an odd, magical droning can be heard.)
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck. This is as bad as that one time my bitch ex-wife asked for alimony after I already booked that flight to malibu.
Hell, things haven't been this bad since my trailer home rolled backwards into that open-air sewer.

1) Is everything okay?
2) Hello? 
3) Anyone working here?

Is that a customer? Oh shi-
(the distinct, cacophonous sound of a collapsing mountain made entirely of firearms, beer bottles, 
and chinese takeout containers echoes from the store's rear. It stops after a moment)
Oh, god dammit. Gimmie a sec, I'm coming, I'm coming.
(Slow, plodding footsteps augur the rapid onset of a noxious stench as a shadow-clad bipedal figure makes their way to the front of the store)
(The overwhelming odour embodies four distinct notes: cigarette smoke, piss, maladaptive alcoholism, and child support payments that wouldn't actually 
be all too crushing to someone with a sense of financial responsibility)

W-ack-cough- w-he-he-hell, hey kid. Not often I see a new face around here.
Welcome to Trustworthy Greg's! The MOST reputable arms dealer in all of sylphstream!

1) Aren't you the only arms dealer in all of sylphstream?
1; Hey. Listen, pally. Listen, champ. (Her voice gets about 200% graver) You see any other greasy old bastards
selling firearms out of a cardboard box on the side of the road, you're free to take your business to them. 
Until that happens, I am THE most. Reputable. Arms dealer. In sylphstream. Kapiche?
2) (Drop a handful of Occles on the counter) I'd like your finest Bullet Dispensing Apparatus, please.
2: Woah, hey, slow down a minute there, ghostrider. See, I'm afraid that's not how things work around these parts. 
If you want to buy a gun- one that isn't shit, anyway- you're going to have to buy a liscence for it.
Guns're cheap- I have so many of them, it's absurd- but I can't just hand them out all willy nilly- that's the bottleneck.
You'll need liscences for the nicer hwardware.
1) How can I get a liscence?
You get them from the Prince of Communications, the cylinder head looking gomer over there. He'll walk you through things.
2) Seriously? A liscence?
2: Archon's orders. It's so there's """mEtA ProGreSSiOn""" and a """gAMepLAy lOoP""" or something stupid like that, Idunno. I don't make the rules, champ.
3) Do you sell anything else?
3; A few odds n' ends. The other vendors cover mosta the non-firearm wares you'll find yourself needing. 

4) Pleasure's all mine. I already know how business works around these parts. (Skip dialogue tree)



======> Small talk:

(begin)
This might be a stupid question, but where do you get all those guns from?
Well, that there is indeed a stupid question, sport, because the answer's pretty goddamn simple: I get them from the Gun Dimension.
-the... gun dimension?
The Gun Dimension, Einstein. The dimension of guns, made of guns, where everything that ever was and will be is constituted entirely
out of firearms of various makes and models. I keep a portal there in my back room.
Can you teach me how to make a portal to the gun dimension?
- Is my wife ever going to come back?
....... yyeess?
..... n-nnooo?
Heh. You and me both'll have to keep dreaming, kid.
Bingo. Now, d'you wanna buy something or not?


(begin) The prince referred to you with feminine pronouns.
Eeeeeyup. (greg spends a solid ten seconds hacking up a ball of phlegm) that's true.
1) You're a WOMAN???
1; What, did you think women can't be tawdry sleazy old disgusting unwashed divorced misanthropes?
2) Please marry me.
2; yeah, I'll DEFINITELY do that. As soon as you sign all your money off on life insurance. dumbass.
3) I thought you said you had a wife?
3; I did. And then that bitch hag took the kids, the house, the car, the dog, the cat, the goddamn gerbil and even the fucking 
cockroaches in the divorce. Un-goddamn-believable. That's the last time I'm hiring a laywer off the back of a cereal box.
4) In that case, is your name really Greg?
Duh. It's short for Greganthana. You fucking phillistine.

(begin)
Hey so what's with the cardboard box?
-Oh, this old piece of shit? (She raps a knuckle against an interior wall) Well: I stay in here on account of my ghastly, revolting appearance.
That seems a little harsh, but okay, I guess... (end conversation)
-Shit's life, sport.

What do you look like? 
-What do I look like, you're askin? What the fuck does ol' Auntungle Greganthana look like? How would one describe the experience of gazing upon my raw, unfettered visage, and dispair?
-Well... (You hear the crack-hiss of pressurized beverage can being opened, followed by chugging, and finally, a prolonged gurgle)
-(Greganthana spits a stream of tobacco spit-tainted beer out the window, narrowly missing you.) 
(In the din of the box, you're just barely able to see her wiping her mouth off with an arm)
-You ever seen one of them kawaii desu Moeblob freaks?
Wh-you mean like from a japanese 「Ani-aymu」 cartoon??
-Yeah. Them's the ones. Dinnerplate eyes, neon hair, skinny as a twig and white as snow. Those things?
I... guess? Please don't tell me you look like one of... them.
-I don't look even remotely like those abominations.
-(Greganthana spits what is presumably dip into what is assumedly a bucket beneath her counter) (She sniffles and lights up three cigarettes)
-Is what I WOULD say if I was a damn liar.
Oh. (Make a sacred gesture) Oh, my. Archons deliver us.
-Eyyyyyyyup. My dad was a little anime girl and my mom was a goblin. So basically. I'm small. And green.


What do you think of the prince of information?
-You didn't hear it from me, but he's a primo ipad baby. As in (Greg leans forwards, and you repress an instinct you didn't know you had to gag), you REALLY didn't hear it from me.
What do you think of the corpus dei?
-They buy shiny trinkets.
What do you think of the chimera?
There's one thing I get caught up on with that chimera. One thing. 
(Greg inhales the entirety of her cigarette in one breath, then lights up another, takes a drag on that one, and exhales what appears to be a lethal volume of smoke)
It looks pretty, right? But I have no goddamn clue how it actually makes those... (She wiggles her fingers) Syringe doodads.
I mean, what the hell? It's got no fingers or nothing and I really hope there's no slobber up in those things on account of it using its mouth.
(unlocks chimera stupid question)



	====+====> The Twelph arbiter
Hestoile merchant. May give quests?

	====+====> Crunko, Gupsnoo, Slunkus
Three young void beings. None of them can spell, they're all 2d beings brought into a 3D world, look intimidating but 
kind of give pathetic baby seal vibes. Check misc dialogue.

	====+====> The Wasteflower
Safe-room encounter. Made from dregs of models, doesn't know much about anything. Asks a series of
riddles/philosophical questions to the player. Check misc dialogue.

	====+====> Bestie
All black being with a starfish-like head and cowrie shell jaws. She pops up randomly in town, kind of obnoxious, only goes HIII BESTIEE. Optional quest for
bringing them to wasteflower.
(A gently swaying figure stands before you. A ring of pseudopods dance around a cowrie shell-like mouth; from within echoes an excitable voice)
my bestie! helloo! :3
my bestie in christ HAIIII!!!! hiii! helloooo!! bestie!!!!!
hi!! :33 bestieeee! haaiiii~~!!!!
omg haiiiiiii~~! 
Hii! HIIII!!!!!
ohmygod hiiiii!!! :3
bestie! omg! hi! hi bestie!!!

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Bestie!
2; Im Gonna Level With You Buddy I Have Literally Never Seen You Before In My Life

1; bestIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
2; Bestie How And Why Could You Say Something Like That :(



	====+====> The archon
Helper entity, kind of like the Bion from psycho patrol R. Untrustworthy in the "ai agent who's malware and spying" sense yet attempts to come off as friendly/silly.

	====+====> Millian
	
My own avatar. Appears at the end of the campaign to talk about keyfabe. Also has test dialogue.

======> Encounter Dialogue:
(The figure before you is tall and curly-haired; clad in strange, decorated armor. They seem familiar, somehow.)
-Okay. We need to talk about the npc dialogue.
Whats up with it?
-It doesn't make sense. Like, all of it. It's all just phrases and words.
Haha yeah but what isn't?
-Can we be serious here. You understand what I mean, right?
nah nah I do. Most of them are from snippets I'll think or dream up and then write down every once in a while. Its pretty fun.
-It feels... out of place. 
Does it? Sylphstream isn't a story game. The npcs are really just set dressing.
That's a dirty lie and you know it. Sylphstream does have a story. 
You got me there. Sylphstream's is my story.
-Oh.
It's a jank-ass mishmash of all the stuff that's been bouncing around in my head, mangled and bundled together.
It's a weird story, but it's mine to tell. And I figured there'd be no honest way to tell it other than all at once in a bizarre jumble.

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1:Including the snippets? 

1;Including the snippets.

======> Encounter 2 Dialogue:
Type Millian (complex dialogue test):
Hi, it's me, Millian!

Woah! Hi Millian! I'm Millian! 
Woah! Hi Millian! I'm Millian!

But *I'm* Millian!
And am I not also Millian?
That doesn't make any sense.

Of course it does. The clay that consitutes us was cut from the same bank. The hand that gave us form is 
one and the same. The image of our likeness is one and the same. The voice that speaks through us is one 
and the same. I am Millian; a partial and abstracted representation of a facet of a far greater likeness. 
And.So.Are.You.

If what you say is true, then what around us *isn't* Millian?

That depends entirely on the diegetic framework you'd like to adopt. 

That's stupid and you can stuff your diegetic framework! I'm the only Millian here!

Nuh uh

Uh huh

Nuh uh

*stick your tongue out and blow a raspberry at Millian*
The exact same one is blown back at you

	====+====> Sunburnt white woman
	
Random encounter, has an associated quest with the Chimera. Evil spiritual white women. Kind of based off 4dmom tumblr blog.

(You repress a gag as your constitution is threatened by the intense, oversweet scent of the ponytailed woman's perfume.
Her eyes and lips are permanently peeled apart in a threat display)

(If you took the Chimera sidequest): 
Wow. You have NO Orgone reverberations + your aura is absolutely decrepit. 
It's EMBARRASING that you'd go out in public like this. 
If something like that happened to me I'd KILL MYSELF. Love and light.
(Unlocks going back to the chimera and getting Aura)
(if you have aura:)
Have you been selling bioalchemical actitives?
Bio-what now? Sweetie, I'm going to let that slide, because you clearly have no fucking clue who you're talking to. 
Everything *I* sell is 100% vegan AND non-GMO AND made exclusively by single women of color in developing nations.
Bitch. Don't. You. Fucking. Forget. It.

Heyyyyy girl I just wanted to say you look like DIVINE and your vibrations are VIVACIOUS.
Btw are you interested in selling crystals or essential oils with me? 
It's a new kind of feminist and socially aware business hierarchy.

I just snorted a line of ivermectin and my yonic chakra is SO aligned right now. 
I could bear a fucking archangel into the world if I so chose.

With enough essential oils you can actually become a holistic deep Aeon projection. 
I'm on 272 right now and there's at least five leylines running through me. I'm thrumming.

Ugh, men are such pigs sometimesssss~ Girl, I Swear, whenever I see Those Maurading Rapists
out and about in MY neighborhood I always make sure to call Homeland Security and have them deported! 
LOL! #feminism #protectWombyn

Next time that whore Bethany shows her ugly face at the HOA potluck I'm going to 
fucking rip her limbs off. She REALLY thinks her fruit salad is better.
Better than than my wholesome organic Castor Bean and Queen Anne's Lace cobbler.
I swear to god I'll fucking kill her. I'm disemboweling that bitch. Love and light.

If you mix Peyote with Salvia, Mandrake, and Belladonna you can actually levitate and see the 12 
karmic strings. I learned this last night when I was 18 strata deep
into manifesting my reincarnation as a lotus flower btw ;)

Umm sweetie don't you know compulsory tribadism is actually a SCIENTIFICALLY DOCUMENTED SIDE EFFECT of a
few too many buzzballs at the PTA afterparty?? 
...
I remain heterosexual. I REMAIN HETEROSEXUAL. 

My yonic divine feminine moon attunement means I actually can't do anything wrong. 
I could do anything. I could hurt anyone. I could say whatever I wanted.
My ancestral goddess would just stop my karma from shifting afterwards. Love and light.

Aaaaa lot of people don't actually know this but vaccines are only necessary if you don't have
a good Mother Gaia connection. I've never gotten the jab but my vaxxed mother in law is ALWAYS 
getting sick even though I KEEP telling her to go on a Pondwater cleanse! LOL!!

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1: (World-drinker check) Hang on, isn't castor and queen anne's lace violently poisonous? And also peyote, salvia, mandrake, 
and basically the entire nightshade family? Have you been poisoning yourself and other people under the guise
of spiritual herbalism??
2: I think you're a horrible, egotistical person who needs to do some serious critical introspection.
3: You are going to be reincarnated as a dung beetle and there is NOTHING you can do about it.
4: (Svelte Carapace check) (say nothing and leave)
5: (Para-Abberance check) Within a patch of nightsoil are two worms. One, to another, speaks grandly of its acheivements 
and learned wisdom, daring the other to outwit or outbrag it and concluding that it cannot, for it is inferior.
The second decomposes its surroundings quietly. They are both still worms in nightsoil. Yet a curse upon only one I would place.

Failure: 1;2;3: (She peels back her lipstick-clad mouth to bare two rows of small, round teeth at you in a fascimile of a grin) Whatever you say. Honey.
Success: 1;2;3;5: FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU. THERE'S NOTHING WRONG WITH ME. YOU JUST HATE WOMEN.
I'M DOXXING YOU ON PARROTFARMS. I'M SABOTAGING YOUR SHUNGITE RESERVES. 
I WROTE YOUR NAME ON A MOUSE AND LET IT STARVE.
I'M IMBUING YOUR BLOODLINE WITH A CURSE. I'M ACTIVATING MY PSYCHIC WARDS TO SHRED YOUR AURA.
I'M ASTRALLY REFRACTING 5G CANCER RAYS INTO YOUR HOUSE. RRRAAAAUUUUGHHH I HATE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH.
Success OR failure: 4; (as you retreat, you realize this woman wasn't ever talking to you in the first place)
Failure: 5; (She glances up from the momvlog she had been watching as you spoke) Huh?

	====+====> The Investor
Cruelty squad CEO/brian thompson stand-in, associated quest with greg.

	====+====> The #mysmee

	====+====> Field Captain of the order of sarko-autosedimentarim. (Boneplate Yvette)
Quest NPC I probably won't actually add to the game

My sargent has gone missing!

We investigate cases of sarko-autosedimentarism. Usually, it's nothing bad, but if it's a Stray or a facetaker,
it's also our job to kill it before anyone else gets hurt.

I think I know who you're here for. The chimera isn't a threat, though-- it works as the town apothecarist.

I won't say that's not a relief, but I'm afraid I'll have to take more than just your word for it. If only I could get my 
SARGENT to actually REPORT IN.

I think I know who you're here for. There's this shady, arachnid figure selling "kisses" for blood.

====+====> Booth kisser (Probably gonna be scrappeed)

I don't make them stay around! They just choose to. 


	====+====> Gemmis and Sharptop
Random encounter NPCs, meet sharptop first. Have to find gemmis in the world and bring her back.
One is four-armed rabbit-like creature, Gemmis is disc-headed animal. Gemmis you can hold like the #mysmee and get health from.

Gemmis held dialogue:
hey.. I think I might have to go pee soon.
I can talk to aliens! glorb beezp boop gwazp bong zap glump 
What's your favorite flavor of pickle?
I could totally beat you in a hiding in bushes competition.
My girlfriend is SUPER cool and tall and fuzzy but not as fuzzy as me but that's okay because I'm really fuzzy myself. She has four arms!
What's the most number of glizzies you've ever eaten in one sitting? Mine is, uhm... I forgot.

Sharpbunny dialogue:
Oh jeez... I was just looking the other way and I think my girlfriend just wandered off. 
Hey, uhm, if it's not too much of an ask and you see her, could you bring her back? 
She has a lot of eyes and a kind of flat head and she's REALLY not built for these streets


	====+====> Pipe Bomb Andy
Pipe bomb andy, from his initial incarantion (aka NOT catboy). World merchant that sells explosives.

======> Exchanges:
1) Andy, are your pipe bombs a metaphor for something?
2) Say, if you gave me a bomb that DOESN'T have the fuze already lit, I'd be willing to pay for it.
(If opened shop) 3) Say, andy, my boy, my son, my beautiful ugly horrid little shithead, how'd you like to come to a proper marketplace and sell your wares there?
4) What's, like, your deal?

1; What? What do you mean?
1) Like... I don't know, abuse, or something? It feels like there's some kind of metacommentary going on here with our relationship.
1; (Andy suddenly gets very serious.) My pipe bombs. Are not. Metaphorical. They're real bombs. The explosions aren't figurative or anything.

2; Uh.. okay, sure, I guess. Take a look at my stock.
3; You mean... poeple.. they WNAT my bombas?? (Andy goes to the hub)

- My deal?
1; Like, why do you go around giving people bombs in boxes. You don't have, like, a manifesto or anything, right?
- I do it... for the Children Of the World.
The children of the world? 
- They're counting on me. The hopes of all the puppies and the kitties who play together in grassy meadows and the panda bears and even the gerbils 
all ride or die on what I do. 
-I do it for the sea turtles, and the dolphins, and the gerbils as well did I mention the gerbils, and also the dreams of every single baby animal, ever, collectively.
-I do it... for America.

Oh okay that makes total sense I was kinda lost before but everything's suddenly so clear now. Thanks for explaining.

======> Questline:

(A man in a skull mask(?) and captain's attire approaches you. He holds a suspiciously bulky backpack in two hands)
Hello, it is I, pipe bomb andy.
I offer you a heartfelt gift.
(Pipe bomb andy offers you the satchel. Do you accept?)
Yes (accept)
Dude... no. (decline) (Forecalculus check)

On accept, spawns a pipe bomb at the player's feet with halved timer. On decline, andy sticks around, but you cant talk to him.


(later)

Hi, it's me again, pipebomb andy. 
Look, I know we got off on the wrong foot here and I just wanted to say I'm sorry. 
You don't have to, but I wanted to give you something to make up for our differences.
PLAYER OPTIONS:
1) Is it a pipe bomb? (Intra para-abberance check)
2) It better not be another pipe bomb, Andy. (Rationo-cynicism check)
3) Oh, okay, thanks, Andy. (Accept)
1;2; I SWEAR it's not a pipe bomb. That would be lovebomb gaslight dark empathic of me and I'm changing for the better.
1) If you say so.
2) Andy I'm going to be so honest I somehow find myself not believing you (Forecalculus check.)

If you accept, a goblin runs by and spawns a pipe bomb. 
If you decline, a goblin runs by and steals andy.

(Even later)

It was really fucked up of me to give you a pipe bomb. and then apologize and give you another pipe bomb.
And then even later when I had a pipe bomb on me and I was going to apologize and then that goblin took it and blew the pipebomb up that was also fucked up.
Actually I have no real association with that goblin they were totally unrelated 
I have no association with that goblin so it wasn't actually me that did that come to think of it. So two out of three really isn't that bad.
but anyway yeah it was really fucked up and manipulative of me to try and give you a pipe bomb twice in a row.
and I just wanted to say I'm sorry and I've grown and changed as a person. 
and I really mean it. I've realized the error of my ways turned a new leaf. 
and I know you probably won't accept it, and I have nobody to blame but myself,
but I wanted to offer you an olive branch, if you're in the right state of mind and you wanted to forgive me.
I love you, and I only want what's best for us. Please. If not for yourself, then for me, please, just take this meager token of apology.

1)Thanks, Andy. It really warms my heart to know you're righting your wrongs. (Accept) (You know what happens)
2) (Rationo-Cynicism check) Andy, what's in the box?

I.. I can't say. It's a surprise, and, well, I'm worried you might be mad at me if you knew what it wasy.

1) Oh, okay. (Accept.)
2)Andy. Andy I want you to be level with me. 100% truthful. Look me in the eyes. Is there A Pipe Bomb in that box? (Forecalculus check)

(Pipe Bomb Andy seems suddenly and remarkably uncomfortable) U-uh. W-weeell...

1) (He's clearly too embarrased to do something as brazen as put a bomb in the box after all this) (Accept)
2) Well? (Svelte Carapace check)

Y-Nnooooo. No there is not. (andy puts the gift behind his back and seems to do something else) (You get 3 .22lr bullets, a rock, and a placebo syringe)
