Type 1:
Wrought by Torrid Morning at daybreak.
Life is a multiorthonormal panstigyiotopic conflux metaframework.
Mountain mover. Split the difference. Burn the bridges. Taste the worldliness.
Death in an infinitely recurrent fractalline supermanifold.
Wrought by tepid tide at nightcome.
But for now, the stars lapdance in euthmiya lockstep. 

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; What?
2; Huh?
3; Buh??
4; Guh?
5; Four;Eight;Twelve;Sixteen. As dawn, so is dusk. No forgiveness in the valley of the kings.

1;2;3;4; Waltz and flourish in the mud you were born from.
5; If you insist.

Type 2:
I have over twelve billion followers on Bleebo, the only social media network that legally owns the user.
There's a new trend going around called Limpetmaxxing. It's where you're bound up with chains and cast 
deep into the endless sea for decades at a time. I can hook you up if you want.
Don't forget to star and Tithe and follow and blow the Trumpet and Aegis for more AWESOME content like this!
Only user engagement can fill the gaping, festering emptiness within me.
You... HAVE heard of me, right? I think I'm gonna be sick.
You should commit Alt+f4. NOW.

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; You must live a hollow, sad life.
2; Dude I love your content I'm a huge fan!
3; Are you... talking to me or just rambling into the air right now?

1; That's NOT true. I have SO many followers. You're just jealous. Jealous of ALL my followers.
2; Don't talk to me or even look at me, filth.
3; I... h-. I don't know. I think I'm a broken person.


Type 3:
Look at you. 
The prithy little mote thing that you are.
Don't you have any fucking clue what you've done? 
Don't you have any fucking clue what you're about to do? 
You sicken me. You sicken me. You sicken me. You sicken me.
I love you so much it hurts.

Player options:
1: Why do you hate me?
2: What the hell are you talking about?
3: Who the fuck do you think you're talking to?

1;2;3: Hello? Is anyone there? Can anyone hear me?


Type 4: 
my bestie! helloo! :3
my bestie in christ HAIIII!!!! hiii! helloooo!! bestie!!!!!
hi!! :33 bestieeee! haaiiii~~!!!!
omg haiiiiiii~~! 
HIIII!!!!!
ohmygod hiiiii!!! :3
bestie! omg! hi! hi bestie!!!

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Bestie!
2; Im Gonna Level With You Buddy I Have Literally Never Seen You Before In My Life

1; haaaiiiii bestIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
2; Bestie why would you say something like that :(

Type 5 (crunko):
im jutse a poor little meow meow. i thinke? smoebody called me that once.
do yuo know wher the nearist void portal is?
its brighte in here :(
i think ive been hornswoggled againe. sigh..,.,,.,
iam havging a good time on this here flate surfgace but i do wish ic ould get back to my home soon
someoen toald me to go left adn i could get backk hoem. butt i donot know what left directinoal is.
smoe peopel think space is three dimensnonial but i'm am TOO smarte to bee leave in such rumores...

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Why do you talk like that?
2; Space is in fact 3-dimensional. I am literally a 3D being talking to you right now.
3; What ARE you?

1: I'ME havening a SPEECH IMPEDIDEMENT you GLUGSLUGGLER
2: Okaey whatevger u say buddiey. ill see it when i beeleve it..
3: my name is crunko crunko. bute,, yuo can call me crunko,., :)


Type 6 (phrases 1):
Hunting gemstones as I weep
Just to keep in touch
Rooster in the throat, snake in the stomach
What they don't know... wisconsinite
What the hell fancy doots just kickin'
mark Mike tungsten drowned
This was a great time with love 

Type 7 (phrases 2):
Waker and Bake studios
Show you idiots how to receive a god
A stamp like no other
Deer on a rope elecator, slit neck, in the scaffolding
Tacian Quartz
Throne Shined with God's Rust
Unconditional proverb, Bygone desolate
Emily Claire; touched by and devoured the dud Empress of the Sun

PLAYER OPTIONS (to both subtypes)
1; What the hell are you talking about?
1; Don't worry about it. Just have some fun.


Type 8:
It's not my awakening. 
I've tried to awaken before.
I've tried to feel it but it's not there. 
I can't be awakened but I also can't be a slave, so to speak.

Type 9:
You are in the process of awakening.
Your thoughts and emotions are in alignment with the world as it is, not as you want it to be.
Do you feel the world moving as it should? Are you happy?
How are you feeling and what are your thoughts and emotions?
Then, ask yourself "What am I truly doing here?"
You are not in the dark, you are just confused.
Once you understand the reason for what you are feeling, and once you understand the reason for your thoughts and emotions, then you will feel peace.
Is the previous statement truthful or false? Is veracity a binary state of exance? Why or why not?
A thought arises, you can't fight it, you can't avoid it, you can't control it.
Nobody can control whether or not their thoughts arise. Sum, ergo cogito.
It is happening, and it is the only thing that makes you alive.
What are you truly doing here?

Type 10:
THE GLASS BIRD SITS UPON THE FRIGID MARBLE LAKE.
TGE HLASS BIRD SITS UOPN THE FRIIGD MARBLE LAKE.
TGE HLASS BIRS DITS UOPN THF ERIIGD MARBLL EAKE.
TGE HBASL LIRS DIOS UTPN THF EBIMGD IAKRLL EARE.
SGA HBETL LIIS DRON UTPS THF EBIMGL IAKRDL EARE.
SGA HBETL LIIH DRON TTPS USF EBIMGL IAKRDE EARL.
THE GLASS BIRD FELL IN :(

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Is the glass bird going to be okay?
2; Hey what the hell just happened to you?

1; YEAGH...
2; DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT MAN :)

Type 11:
To be splayed open bare before the world 
with fractured facade of strength and sureness.
Defiantly gouting forth in streams and rivulets,
from your fissured caricature:
empassioned warmth and tenderness.

Type 12:
10 day plan. Adopt an epsilon male mindset. Bleed and be bled.
I'm a new kind of enteropollent dynamic stipend emperor.
I'm a god wrapped in a leathery and dry skin suit.
Hustle. Hustle. Hustle. To the bone and marrow.
Shares of my soul are available for sale on the open market, you know.
My net worth is aparoxysm of sunlight waiting to happen.
I actually own a 0.00002% share of Raquia. Quite exquisite, I know.
Every month I pay approximately 4 billion dollars to be felated by a different senator.
I feel just as empty afterwards as I do prior, but I have no plans of stopping.
Next month, I'm thinking of hiring NAMENAME. Maybe the defeated look in his eyes when I lock the collar 
around his neck might actually make me feel something.
I had 2 feet of intestine removed so they could implant the heart of a lion, you know.
The huddled masses should pay for the luxury of being dirt beneath my feet. 
The shareholders love me. I'd do anything to deliver a single additional penny into their pockets. Anything. Anything.
I think they're going to put me down like a fucking dog next week.

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1; Dude, are you okay? 
2; Is there anything I can do to help?
3; Hi, it's me, your assasin. I'm here to euthanize you like the frothing, salivating animal you've become.


1;2; What was that? I almost could've sworn I could hear the verminous squealing of a low net worth
subhuman coming from someplace around my ankles. 
3; Thank fuck. Honestly, I can't stand the thought of being in the same world as the impoverished.

(afterwards)

Earlier this month, philanthropist, investor, twenty-fifth annual recipient of the Mr. Slyphid award 
and doting father of 11 was senselessly slaughtered by an unknown attacker. Police have already
arrested approximately twelve individuals after discovering the exact murder weapon, a manifesto, a 
printed photograph of themselves next to the body, and a pre-signed, legally binding writ of confession
on each of their persons. How a singular attacker was able to become several people remains unsolved, 
but we must nonetheless give the justice department our unwavering trust in these trying times.

Senator NAMENAME, corporate sponsor of the victim, was intercepted and interviewed at 10:00 tonight on 
his way to the deceased's house, quoting, "He was a great man, and an inspiration to us all. Myself, 
much of the senate, and all five of his wives will find ourselves greatly bereaved by his passing. 
It is for this reason that I must once again beg congress to approve my bill that would place the 
homeless and disabled in camps." 
The esteemed senator then went on to deliver a rousing speech about the evils of the federal minimum 
wage, food stamps, workplace protective equipment, children with lukemia, and islamo-judaistic posadism, none of 
which was recorded or solicited by our reporter.

Shareholders have already begun the sacrificial immolation of slaves, livestock, and large yields of
crops in a competitive bid for the honor of consuming the deceased's heart, as well as the burning
of frankincense, sandalwood, and myrrh.

We will continue this story at 8.



Type 13:
I feel the twilight as it Encompasses. Slowly.
You're mine as I am yours and the dreams play out, lowly
Lord, have mercy in the field of dreams
Better make believe. Better make believe.

Type 14:
Okay. We need to talk about the npc dialogue.
Whats up with it?
It doesn't make sense. Like, all of it. It's all just phrases and words.
Haha yeah but what isn't?
*Please* tell me you get what i mean. 
nah nah I do. Most of them are from snippets I'll think up and write down every once in a while. Its pretty fun.
It feels... out of place. 
Does it? Sylphstream isn't a story game. The npcs are really just set dressing.
That's a dirty lie and you know it. Sylphstream does have a story. 
You got me there. Sylphstream's is my story.
Oh.
It's a jank-ass mishmash of all the stuff that's been bouncing around in my head given a thin veneer of universal diegesis

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1:Including the snippets? 

1;Including the snippets.

Type 15:
A trickle of holiness; inexorable, divine ichor, races through your veins. 
You are the divine product of millions of years of brutal evolution. 
Inexhaustible, unbeatable, unassailable. 
That's you, baby!
There's a war in your mind and you ARE winning.
There's a god in your chest and it IS beating.
There's a fire in your veins and it'll KEEP coursing.
You. 
Cannot. 
Be. 
Beat.
GODSBLOOD.

Type 16:
You know what you're going to do before you do it. 
You know how you're going to do it before you do it. 
You can picture with perfect clarity in your mind, each and every step, in perfect absoluteness.
There is no contingency unaccounted for, no act not predetermined. 
Failure only exists as a modality of improper planning.
FORECALCULUS.

Type 17:
Something bad is going to happen. 
Something bad has happened.
It hasn't reached you yet, but it's on the way. 
Tomorrow, or next week, or next year. 
It's coming. It's coming. It's coming.
You need to be prepared. 
You need to get fatter for the winter.
You need to pile everything you've ever owned and curl up beneath it and only then will safety find you.
TINY SQUIRRELDRAGON.

Type 18:
You see all that you see. 
You smell all that you smell.
You hear all that you hear.
You perceive the tiny pebble that makes up the mountain and the mountain that makes up the continent. 
It's beautiful, isn't it?
How many pebbles are there in the world?
How many mountains?
How many contintents?
There's so much you won't be able to witness.
Don't you at least want to give it a college try?
WORLD-DRINKER.

Type 19:
There is a shell that covers you and it is smooth. 
It is without crack or crevice. 
It is without kink or flaw.
It is without doubt or uncertainty.
You walk with momentum in your step and deftness in your motions.
To the world, you are only how you appear and nothing more.
Coolheaded. Unbothered. Agile. 
Act it.
Flaunt it. 
Be it. 
SVELTE CARAPACE.

Type 20:
Things aren't perfect. 
Things will never be perfect. 
You'd be a liar if you said they were. 
Accept this. 
Understand it. 
Factor it into your world view so intimately that YOU become no longer perfect. 
Isn't this so much better than the alternative?
RATIONIO-CYNICYSM.

Type 21:
I just snorted a line of ivermectin and my yonic chakra is SO aligned right now. 
I could bear a fucking archangel into the world right now if I so chose.

Wow. You have NO Orgone reverberations + your aura is absolutely decrepit. 
It's EMBARRASING that you'd go out in public like this. 
If something like that happened to me I'd KILL MYSELF. Love and light.

With enough essential oils you can actually become a holistic deep Aeon projection. 
I'm on 272 right now and there's at least five leylines running through me. I'm thrumming.

Next time that whore Bethany shows her ugly face at the HOA potluck I'm going to 
fucking rip her limbs apart. She REALLY thinks her fruit salad is better.
Better than than my wholesome organic Castor Bean and Queen Anne's Lace cobbler.
I swear to god I'll fucking eviscerate her on sight. Love and light.

If you mix Peyote with Salvia, Mandrake, and Belladonna you can actually levitate and see the 12 
karmic strings. My Hitachi magic wand told me this last night when I was 18 strata deep
into manifesting my reincarnation as a lotus flower. 

Hey I just wanted to say you look like divine and your vibrations are quite vivacious. 
Btw are you interested in selling crystals or essential oils with me? 
It's a new kind of feminist and socially aware business hierarchy.

Um compulsory tribadism is actually a SCIENTIFICALLY DOCUMENTED SIDE EFFECT of a few too many
buzzballs at the PTA afterparty. I remain heterosexual. 
I REMAIN HETEROSEXUAL. 

My yonic divine feminine moon attunement means I actually can't do anything wrong. 
I could kill your children in front of you and my ancestral goddess would stop
my karma from shifting. Love and light.

Aaaaa lot of people don't actually know this but vaccines are only necessary if you don't have
a good connection with the earth mother. I went to the elderly home when I had a cold and coughed 
EVERYWHERE and NOBODY got sick because my soul is clean and pure.


PLAYER OPTIONS:
1: Isn't peyote, salvia, mandrake, and basically the entire nightshade family VIOLENTLY poisonous? 
And also castor and queen anne's lace? Have you been poisoning yourself and other people under the guise
of spiritual herbalism??
2: I think you're a horrible person who needs to do some serious and critical introspection.
3: You are going to be reincarnated as a dung beetle and there is NOTHING you can do about it.
4: (say nothing and leave)

1;2;3: FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU. I WROTE YOUR NAME ON A MOUSE AND LET IT STARVE.
I'M IMBUING YOUR BLOODLINE WITH A CURSE. I'M ACTIVATING MY PSYCHIC WARDS TO SHRED YOUR AURA.
I'M SABOTAGING YOUR SHUNGITE RESERVES. I'M SENDING 5G ASTRAL CANCER RAYS INTO YOUR HOUSE. 
I HATE YOU SO FUCKING MUCH.
4; (as you retreat, you realize this woman wasn't ever talking to you in the first place)


Type 22:
After many years of hard work I have become a beautiful chimera. 
My scales are smooth and glossy and shine under the light of the sun.
My teeth are pearlescent and their tapering points are astutely-rounded and sharp.
My stinger-tail is deft; it swishes and sways however I so wish it to.
My fur is soft and gossamer and without tangle or speck.
My claws are manicured and click and clack whenever I walk.
I think I look quite stunning. Wouldn't you agree~?

PLAYER OPTIONS:
1: I would. You're beautiful.
2: I don't necessarily think so but I can see why you'd hold yourself in that regard.
3: You are very beautiful. For a chimera.
4: I don't think I could agree.

1; (The chimera hides a flattered, toothy smile with one of its forepaws)
2;4 Hmm. To each their own.
3; I suppose I'll pretend I didn't hear that last portion.


Type Millian (complex dialogue test):
Hi, it's me, Millian!

Woah! Hi Millian! I'm Millian! 

Woah! Hi Millian! I'm Millian!

But *I'm* Millian!

And am I not also Millian?

That doesn't make any sense.

Of course it does. The clay that consitutes us was cut from the same bank. The hand that gave us form is 
one and the same. The image of our likeness is one and the same. The voice that speaks through us is one 
and the same. I am Millian; a partial and abstracted representation of a facet of a far greater likeness. 
And.
So.
Are.
You.

If what you say is true, then what around us *isn't* Millian?

That depends entirely on the diegetic framework you'd like to adopt. 

That's stupid and you can stuff your diegetic framework! I'm the only Millian here!

Nuh uh

Uh huh

Nuh uh

*stick your tongue out and blow a raspberry at Millian*
The exact same one is blown back at you
